README.md, before:

# README

## Name

VHDL Examples for the S7-1500 TM FAST Module from SIEMENS AG

## Description

The VHDL source code examples are resources provided by Siemens AG to assist users in effectively using the TM FAST Module. 
The TM FAST module is a [**SIMATIC S7-1500 module**](https://support.industry.siemens.com/cs/ww/en/view/109817062) that contains an FPGA, which can be programmed by the customer using VHDL as programming language.

This repository contains a collection of source code examples that are designed to demonstrate the functionality and capabilities of this module. The examples provided will cover a wide range of applications, showcasing the versatility and adaptability of the TM FAST Module. 

Whether you are a beginner or an experienced user, these examples serve as a helpful guide to understand how to use the module. 
The TM FAST module source code examples, provides the users with best practices and good starting point to realise your own applications by adapting the files to your specific needs.

## License and Copyright

© Siemens AG 2024

SPDX-License-Identifier: MIT

Commit message:

Update : Creation of Branch for V1.0.1

README.md, after:

# README

## Name

VHDL Examples for the S7-1500 TM FAST Module from SIEMENS AG

## Description

The VHDL source code examples are resources provided by Siemens AG to assist users in effectively using the TM FAST Module. 
The TM FAST module is a [**SIMATIC S7-1500 module**](https://support.industry.siemens.com/cs/ww/en/view/109817062) that contains an FPGA, which can be programmed by the customer using VHDL as programming language.

This repository contains a collection of source code examples that are designed to demonstrate the functionality and capabilities of this module. The examples provided will cover a wide range of applications, showcasing the versatility and adaptability of the TM FAST Module. 

Whether you are a beginner or an experienced user, these examples serve as a helpful guide to understand how to use the module. 
The TM FAST module source code examples, provides the users with best practices and good starting point to realise your own applications by adapting the files to your specific needs.

## Branch Information - Legacy TM FAST Module Support

This branch is specifically maintained for projects using TM FAST modules with the [**Siemens system logic**](https://www.industry-mobile-support.siemens-info.com/en/article/detail/109817062) V1.0.1

## Important Notice
- This is a legacy support branch
- Only compatible with TM FAST module system logic V1.0.1
- No new features will be added
- Only critical bug fixes will be provided

If you are starting a new project, we strongly recommend using the main branch with the latest Siemens system logic version. For existing projects that require V1.0.1 compatibility, this branch will remain available but in maintenance mode only.

## License and Copyright

© Siemens AG 2024 - 2025

SPDX-License-Identifier: MIT
